Hey, in this video I'm going to show you how you can generate mass static ads for meta new concepts using AI. So, first I'm going to show you an automated solution that I vibe coded and then I'll show you how to do this more manually still using AI tools. So, in a previous version of this app in a previous video on my channel, I showed you this tool how we could create multiple variations of the same ad, which you can see on my computer right here. But many people came back to me and said, "Mike, we don't just want variations. We want actual new concepts." So Meta sees these as unique ads with different angles, different visual representations targeting different audiences. And so that's what I've built right here. Let me show you how it works. So for this demo, we're using this Drio brand, this little space heater. And so what I can do in this vibe coded tool that I created, I'm going to go into concepts now. So this is a completely new panel. I'm going to select a product which is this space heater. And now you can see we have these different formats, right? These different concepts and I'll explain where I got these from and how my AI tool is using these. But I'm just going to leave autopick on. So AI is going to select from all of them. Then I'm going to select all of the customer avatars that my tool has pulled in from this brand, right? The types of customers that would be interested in a space heater like this. I'm going to import all of those profiles. So, think of these as different avatars where we can target them with different angles. Now, I'm going to tell the tool, hey, I want 20 different ads at this aspect ratio. And now, I'm going to click on preview concept plan. And what our tool is going to do is it's going to generate a plan to hit different concepts for these 20 ads. So, you can see right now it's going to say, hey, we're going to generate 20 ads targeting these seven concepts. So, I'm going to leave that as is, and then I'm going to click on generate concepts. Now, what this is going to do in the background is it's going to hit the nano banana API and it's going to start generating 20 different static ads, hitting those seven different concepts for this Drio portable heater. All right, you can see those ads starting to come in. Here is the first one. So, you can see how this is a completely different concept. I can click into this and it's going to say, "Hey, we're hitting the format of the transformation timeline, which is kind of a before and after. We've got this guy at 9:00 a.m. He's starting the day cold and by the end of the day with the heater, he's hit peak productivity. And you can see more of these ads come in. Now, you saw when we were setting this up, you know, we asked for 20 ads. We got seven concepts. So, we're going to get a couple of duplicates like this doctor, but you can see we've got kind of this authority ad here. Here's a native screenshot. So, like an iMessage text. This one is completely different. This is kind of a problem call out. We've got a listical here. This one is really good. You can see how this system is able to generate completely new concepts targeting different personas with different angles. So again, this is a tool that I vibe coded using clog code. It's available to all members of Scale AAI. So if you want to get your hands on it, super easy to install inside of your Replet account, check out the link below to my community. But in this video, let's walk through how you can create these different static ad concepts with AI in a more manual approach. Now, one of the really cool things about this app that I built on the back end on this brand setup, and again, we're on the Drio brand here, we have this brand intelligence section where you paste in a kind of deep research report about your brand or your client in terms of the customer avatar, the messaging, why they buy, why they don't buy. And what this tool is going to do is generate 10 distinct customer avatars or customer profiles. And then these profiles are loaded in to the tool. So where I would start if I wanted to generate these concepts more manually is with the customer profile. So to do this again in a more manual fashion but still with AI is I would use Gemini deep research. And so what deep research is going to do is it's going to take the URL which I'll give them to this homepage and I don't think this is a very well-known brand and ask it to perform deep research and come up with kind of a report for the avatar the people who are buying this. So, I'm going to say, "Please provide a deep research report around the following brand who creates home products like heaters, tower fans, and air purifiers." What I want to get out of this is the target audience for this brand. Who are the types of people that are buying these products, right? What are their pain points? What are their desires? Why do they buy? Why do they not buy? What language do they use? And basically come up with kind of 10 different customer avatars that if we were to advertise to them using Facebook ads, what are some different angles we could take in terms of again the pain points that they're experiencing, why they would buy these types of products, etc. And I'm just going to paste in a link to this brand. Again, they sell these kind of fans and these heaters and these air purifiers. So, it's not well-known, right? At least it's not well known to me. So, let's h let's see how Gemini does. And what we're going to do is we're going to take this deep research report and use it with our prompts when we're prompting Nano Banana Pro to come up with kind of different angles. So, let's start the research and let's come back when Gemini is done. All right. So, Deep Research has come back with this gigantic report, 10 avatars, a whole lot of information here. I don't really need all of this info. Really, all I'm interested in here are these avatar sections right here. So, basically, the first two paragraphs under each section. And so what I'm going to do is just copy this whole report, open up a new Gemini chat, go to Pro here, and say, "Hey, can you take this deep research report, which is super detailed, I only need the avatar description for each avatar." So there's 10 avatars in this report. There's one or two paragraphs below each avatar. That's really the only output that I need. All right. And I'll paste in that research report. And I want Gemini to kind of just chop this up a little bit and cut it down. So we have just the avatars. All right. So Gemini is coming back. And now again, for each avatar, we have a description of kind of the demographics here. But then we also have a Facebook ad hook and a creative concept. All right. So we're going to take these concepts and we're going to start generating some static ads. All right. So I'm in Higsfield. I'm not sponsored by Higsfield or anything like that, but they do allow you to generate four images at once with no watermark and I have a paid account, so I might as well use it. So, I am going to go to images and Nano Banana 2 just dropped. We're going to use that. It's effectively the same quality as Nano Banana Pro except it's about half the price and twice as fast. So, let's test out this model. Let me click into here. All right, so I'm pulled up inside of Fixfield. You can see I was testing this earlier. some of these results aren't aren't that bad. So, what the way that we'll start, let's go to avatar 3. And what we can do is go to the visual creative concept and let's just copy this prompt as is. Let's just start super basic. Now, I have that heater attached and I adjusted Gemini to only focus on the heater, not any air conditioner products. And so, I'm going to paste that prompt in. So, it's a POV shot of a remote worker at a highly aesthetic desk setup. And then again, we're attaching the image of the heater. So, let's see what Nano Banana comes up with in terms of this concept. All right, we can see those images starting to come in. So, again, this is supposed to be a guy at his desk. He's reaching over to turn on the heater. And then we've got this graphic overlay demonstrates kind of the low noise of the heater. So, if we open these up, all right, maybe not the best prompt that Gemini gave it, but the image quality is actually pretty decent in terms of the fidelity of the product. Now, whether people are buying this heater because of the low noise, I think is questionable, but that was kind of just to demo the workflow. Let's go back to Gemini and let's ask Gemini to turn this into a prompt. So, I'm going to say, all right, can you do me a favor for avatar number four? I want you to take the full context of everything about this avatar and I want you to turn it into a prompt for Nano Banana that encapsulates everything about this avatar. I'm going to attach an image of the actual heater. I just need you to turn Avatar 4 and all of these details into a prop for Nano Banana. All right. So, I basically want to see if Gemini can take that paragraph of text. And there's good information there about the avatar and kind of the the type of ad that we want to create and see if it can just give me a fully structured prompt just for Nano Banana. All right. So, Gemini has come back with our prompt here. It's going to cover the subject, the environment, the lighting, but it did leave off the details about the ad hook, and the visual creative concept. All right, that's good. But I also want you to include the details from earlier about the Facebook ad hook, the visual creative concept, and the copywriting angle. So, all of that is in the prompt. All right, let's send that off and see if Gemini can give us the full prompt with context about the image itself, but also the ad. All right, so let's copy this over to Higsfield. Let's see if Nano Banana can handle a very detailed prompt like this. So, we've got the context and the purpose, the subject and the composition, environment and the lighting, and then information about the ad copy itself. All right, so those ads are coming in right now. These aren't bad actually. I don't love the text, but I think the image itself is really good. So, again, we're going after the techsavvy smarthome architect with this ad here. And you can see Nano Banana is following the text itself really well. So, let's do kind of one more round here. All right, good. Now, give me the same thing for Avatar 10. All right. So, here's Nano Banana coming back with Avatar 10. So, let's just copy and paste this into Higsfield. We've got our reference image. And so, look, this is a bit of a manual process here, but we're still at least using AI to leverage the creation of the images. We have Gemini come up with the avatars. Gemini come up with the prompts to hit the different angles and the different concepts. Feed those prompts into Nano Banana. And now we're generating completely different concepts. All right. Now, these I think are actually pretty good. Like if we open this one up. So this is targeting I mean the heater looks pretty big, but we could always change that. So this is targeting the DIYers, the woodworkers, and the garage mechanics. So the heater is not a luxury, but an essential high performance benchtop tool. Stop freezing at your workbench. Get instant 2C hyperheat right where you need it. So I do like these actually. And you can see how different it is than the tech enthusiast here or the office worker here. The font in this one is a lot better. This one's actually quite good, I think. All right, let's do one more. So, we're going to do avatar 7, which is kind of the pet owner. So, again, I've got Gemini, who took the info about that avatar. It's going to give me that prompt. Let's go back to Higsfield and just paste that in again with the reference image and let's see what we get back. All right, there we go. Oh, these are actually pretty good. Let's open these up. We've got the dog. We've got again the heater looks a little big, but instant 45° tip over protection. Keep your furry friends warm this winter without the fire hazard. The ultimate pet safe space heater. I actually think these are quite good. So, you can see as we scroll down here, we're definitely getting good concepts, different imagery, targeting different audiences and pain points. So that is strictly using a text prompt with no reference image. But as you know, we can upload more reference images to Gemini. So what if we actually went and found some static ad examples and say that we wanted to recreate them, right? So I'm inside of Creative OS. I'm filtering on ads that have kind of a social proof element. So here's an example of a social proof ad. It's got like kind of the iPhone notes as well. So, what if we wanted to use this style, but we wanted our product in there and we wanted the messaging to go around, you know, our audience and their pain points. So, I'm just going to copy this image. Let's go back to Gemini. Let me paste in that image and say, "All right." Next, what I'm going to do with Nano Banana is I'm going to upload this as a reference ad because I want Nano Banana to create a very similar style ad, but I want it to use obviously our product image, which I will attach, and I want the messaging to target one of our avatars. So, can you give me a prompt for that? Again, I'm going to upload two images already to Nano Banana Pro. Number one is this reference ad image, and then number two is the image of the Drio heater. So again, this is when we can go find template, use it as a reference, and basically say, "Hey, make an ad like this for our brand with our messaging." All right, so Gemini's got our prompt for us. I'm just going to copy and paste this back in to Higsfield. Let's remember to include our reference ad as well. So, let's copy this image. Paste it in there. So, again, we're sending Nano Banana two reference images. We're basically saying, "Hey, make an ad in this style, but do it for our product and for our audience and messaging." All right, so here we go again. This is pretty good here. My deep sleep score has doubled the silent consistent comfort is a gamecher. So, we're going after the people that are looking to get this heater to help sleep better. The heater is very silent. And so, you can see when we compare it head-to-head against this, I mean, did a really good job. We've got the three emojis as well. We've got the quote with kind of the testimonial. We've got the notes app. And then we've got our product in the bottom left hand side. So again, you could definitely do this process manually with Gemini, with Nano Banana, and you're going to get legitimately new concepts for your static ads. Again, if you'd rather automate this process at scale, generate up to 50 ads at a time, I did vibe code a solution for this. Again, all members of Scale AI get access to this as part of their membership. We have over 300 DTC brands, creative agencies, and performance marketing teams learning AI, using my tools, and learning how to vibe code their own solutions. So again, if you're interested, check out the link below.